chore: Add CLAUDE.md and Claude Code project context (#434)
kyma-project/modulectl: CLAUDE.md

# CLAUDE.md

> modulectl is a **CLI tool for Kyma module developers**. It provides commands to scaffold a new module structure and to package and push a module as an OCI artifact to a registry, ready for consumption by [Lifecycle Manager](https://github.com/kyma-project/lifecycle-manager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modulectl is a **CLI tool for Kyma module developers**. It provides commands to scaffold a new module structure and to prepare data for the `ocm` command that further builds the module as an Open Component Model (OCM) artifact and pushes it to an OCI registry, ready for consumption by [Lifecycle Manager](https://github.com/kyma-project/lifecycle-manager).
```

## modulectl uses a unit and e2e test setup

Run `make test` for unit tests with race detector.

E2E tests require a local registry — set it up first with `./scripts/re-create-test-registry.sh && ./scripts/build-modulectl.sh`, then run `make test-create-cmd` or `make test-scaffold-cmd`. See `docs/contributor/local-test-setup.md` for the full walkthrough.

## modulectl uses the following code conventions

Go nolint and import ordering rules load automatically when editing `.go` files — see [`.claude/rules/go-conventions.md`](.claude/rules/go-conventions.md).

Key rules from `.golangci.yaml`:
- **All linters enabled by default** — check `.golangci.yaml` before adding `//nolint`
- **`//nolint` requires explanation**: e.g., `//nolint:funlen // command wiring`
- **Import ordering** (gci): standard → third-party → project (`github.com/kyma-project/modulectl`)
- **Import aliases strictly enforced** — key ones: `iotools`, `commonerrors`, `scaffoldcmd`, `createcmd`, `moduleconfiggenerator`, `moduleconfigreader`, `ocmv1`, `ociartifacttypes`
- **Line length**: 120 chars | **Function length**: 80 lines / 50 statements | **Cyclomatic complexity**: 20

> - `fmt.Print` is forbidden — use `fmt.Println` for any console output

Reviewer 2: This is duplicated with the go-conventions.md rule.
